docs/docs/getting_started.mdx, before:

---
title: Getting started
description: Learn about build.5 and its APIs
keywords:
  - APIs
  - OTR
  - smart contracts
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

Build.5 API provides various ways to interact with our platform. Of course, you can read IOTA/Shimmer directly or use our friendly APIs to simplify access.

There are REST APIs to simplify read and write operations. See following:
- [GET](search-get) - Use this APIs to get any data from Build.5
- [WSS](search-get) - Any [GET](search-get) can be requested as wss:// to receive web socket with real-time updates
- [POST](search-post) - Use these APIs to post any requests to Build.5 (alternative to [OTR](search-otr))

As we plan to eventually migrate all features into L1 / L2 Smart Contracts (once the technology is available), you can use our On Tangle Request(OTR) instead. Using OTR enables you to be more future-proof and reduce the amount of refactoring / UI changes you might have to make. It provides a more secure channel as all communication happens directly with your node and over Tangle.

- [OTR](search-otr) - omnichannel to interact with Build.5. Same as [POST](search-post), except all communication is done over Tangle.

We provide two endpoints. One for testing and one for production. See below:

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="production" label="Production Endpoint" default>

```
https://api.build5.com
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="testing" label="Testing Endpoint">

```
https://api-test.build5.com
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Make sure to consider [API's limitations](limitations)

Let's do a simple GET Request to get the member's object of `@adam_unchained`:

```
// Get @adam_unchained profile
curl --request GET 'https://api.build5.com/search/getById?collection=member&uid=0x551fd2c7c7bf356bac194587dab2fcd46420054b'
```

If you're interested to see tons of various examples, we recommend the following repositories: 
- https://github.com/soonaverse/app/tree/master/src/app/%40api - Example of various interactions Soonaverse does with Build.5 APIs. Both write and read.
- https://github.com/build-5/build5-otr-examples - Here, you can find various OTR examples.

Commit message:

Add client lib to getting started

docs/docs/getting_started.mdx, after:

---
title: Getting started
description: Learn about build.5 and its APIs
keywords:
  - APIs
  - OTR
  - smart contracts
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

Build.5 API provides various ways to interact with our platform. Of course, you can read IOTA/Shimmer directly or use our friendly APIs or the Build.5 library directly to simplify access.

## library

The recommend way to interact with Build.5 is to use our library. Just add it to your project and get startet:

```bash npm2yarn
npm i @build-5/client
npm i @build-5/interfaces
```

## API

There are REST APIs to simplify read and write operations. See following:
- [GET](search-get) - Use this APIs to get any data from Build.5
- [WSS](search-get) - Any [GET](search-get) can be requested as wss:// to receive web socket with real-time updates
- [POST](search-post) - Use these APIs to post any requests to Build.5 (alternative to [OTR](search-otr))

As we plan to eventually migrate all features into L1 / L2 Smart Contracts (once the technology is available), you can use our On Tangle Request(OTR) instead. Using OTR enables you to be more future-proof and reduce the amount of refactoring / UI changes you might have to make. It provides a more secure channel as all communication happens directly with your node and over Tangle.

- [OTR](search-otr) - omnichannel to interact with Build.5. Same as [POST](search-post), except all communication is done over Tangle.

We provide two endpoints. One for testing and one for production. See below:

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="production" label="Production Endpoint" default>

```
https://api.build5.com
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="testing" label="Testing Endpoint">

```
https://api-test.build5.com
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Make sure to consider [API's limitations](limitations)

Let's do a simple GET Request to get the member's object of `@adam_unchained`:

```
// Get @adam_unchained profile
curl --request GET 'https://api.build5.com/search/getById?collection=member&uid=0x551fd2c7c7bf356bac194587dab2fcd46420054b'
```

If you're interested to see tons of various examples, we recommend the following repositories: 
- https://github.com/soonaverse/app/tree/master/src/app/%40api - Example of various interactions Soonaverse does with Build.5 APIs. Both write and read.
- https://github.com/build-5/build5-otr-examples - Here, you can find various OTR examples.
